# Description:
This visualization compares the room type of the listing with the overall satisfaction rating that the listing received. It also shows basic information regarding the number of reviews a listing received. Each data point is an individual listing in the selected city. The color of the data point indicates the number of reviews that listing has received. Because the data has many repeated values and discrete x and y variables, it is organized into a jitter plot. This is different than a traditional scatter plot because instead of overlapping repeating values in the data, they are organized into small groups for each room type and value pair. This enables the user to effectively see the frequency of the room type and value pairs for the selected city and year.  


The goal with this particular visualization was to understand if there was relationship between Room Type and Satisfaction. The visualization shows that renting an entire home or apartment is by far the most popular choice for Airbnb users. There are both more listings overall and more listings with more reviews for this type of room. Although there are far less listings for the shared room type, in general there is proportionally more spread between listings, indicating that overall users are less satisfied with shared rooms. This makes sense because private rooms and entire homes and apartments are primarily what Airbnb is used for and what made them successful. Shared rooms also introduce more opportunities for unpleasant guest experiences. Another trend one can observe is that there are very few listings that have low overall satisfaction ratings with high numbers of reviews. This could mean that Airbnb's rating system is successful in that listings that receive low ratings don't get many return customers. Overall, the relationship between room type and overall satisfaction is that there is high satisfaction for every room type, but an entire home or apartment is by far the most popular choice in terms of number of listings, number of reviews, and overall satisfaction.  
