## Analysis of the relationship between number of reviews and overall satisfaction rating

This section analyzes the relationship between the number of reviews for a listing and it's overall satisfaction rating (on a scale from 0 to 5). The question I want to ask is: what is the relationship between overall satisfaction and number of reviews for a listing? The visualizations also show basic information about the overall satisfaction rating. They indicate that 5 star ratings are the most common and that listings with 5 star ratings also tend to have more reviews for all cities and years. There are also a negligible number of listings with an overall rating bellow 3 stars in all cities.

In the first visualization, the height of each bar represents how many listings have that rating. At first glance, it is clear that 5 point satisfaction ratings (or close to 5) are the most common in most cities. It is also clear that there is a negligible number of low ratings. If a listing has a low overall satisfaction rating, then it almost always has a negligible number of reviews. Based on this pattern, we can predict that Airbnb removes listings that have frequently low listings or the hosts that created the listings remove their listings if there are too many negative reviews.

For the pie chart, I classified each listing as having an overall satisfaction rating less than 5 or having an overall satisfaction rating equal to 5. For most cities and years, over 50% of listings had a satisfaction rating equal to 5. Based on this, we can predict that it is common for hosts to delete listings if they do not receive stellar reviews and possibly repost them or add "fake reviews" to boost overall satisfaction scores.  

The scatter plot shows the relationship between the overall satisfaction rating and the number of reviews. There are little to no reviews that have a really low rating and a high number of reviews. This further solidifies the argument that either Airbnb or hosts remove listings that have a lot of negative reviews.

Based on this evidence there is a relationship between number of reviews and overall satisfaction ratings for a given listing. The relationship shows that listings with a lot of reviews and low overall satisfaction scores are not present in the Airbnb platform. It is unclear for what reasons they are not present in the platform because it can be either the doing of Airbnb or the users listing properties.
